hey what's up everyone welcome back to
the halo hub and you're watching the
last ever episode of halo root race
tracks we were on episode 26 I have a
map called mounted race by race way by
have a cabal of 43 and yeah before I get
into the map i wanna just talk about why
this is the last episode and what you
guys can expect in a very very near
future so yeah first of all I'd like to
say thanks everyone for 20,000 news
which is a pretty cool since I've only
been around two months and you know 160
subscribers so yeah thanks everyone for
your support but yeah let's go into the
what I've got planned for the future so
basically I'm going to be moving on to
race track reviews and this is in a
review show this is a showcase show so
what's going to be different in the
review show so I'm going to be doing
basically people are going to be
submitting maps to me I hope every map
that is submitted to me all of you
unless it's completely unplayable like
really seriously bad you can't complete
it and I will give a mark or a point or
ask or whether I don't want to sound
like a teacher or just to you know
strict about marketing stuff I just
sound a bit spooky but yeah I'll give a
score out of 30 um 10 marks no marks
points10 points force that takes 10
points for functionality so checkpoints
spawning spawn gauge stuff like that and
10 marks for 10 points for structure and
how it's actually built you know
smoothness and stuff like that and yeah
i'll give the makers / maker of the map
some feedback on how to improve because
you know i would never say that i'm like
better than any other person that formed
or you know i have the right to say
which maps are good which map too bad so
it's just going to be my opinion but
like you know i have been playing this
game for a very long time not just reach
but you know your tailor in general when
I have like similar maps so I actually
think I have some experience and you
know experienced enough to give some
people at some advice but yeah you know
don't take my word like
don't take my word as the Bible or
something you know it's just my opinion
but yeah I'm it should be really fun all
the links all the details even you're
going to need are in the description and
basically you'll be sending an email to
upload halo hub @ hotmail.com okay and
yeah i'll review i'll do it from like
bomb to top and if people keep sending
me like spamming it then i want to do
that map or I will do the map passe
passe opponent and yeah it should be
really good I look forward to just you
know giving some feedback and it will
help everyone improve because you can
see what other forges are doing and what
feedback I'm giving to other people you
know just get some ideas and it should
be really fun productive and you know
it's just be a lot better than what i'm
doing right now because i'm not going to
continue this because it will be too
like confusing but i will be continuing
so instead of this i'll be doing like a
daily / every other day a what is it
even harder than my own series know it's
a halo reach remix which is pretty cool
and just to clear that up that's from
any game any halo game and it doesn't
have to be an actual stock map you know
like I'm currently working on myself
with a friend apparent care at 60 babe
but yeah I'm working on him and working
with him on a map you trash compactor
from halo 3 so it can be like a custom
or even a campaign map like anything
that's just like an odd or just a remake
of something from another halo Avenger I
even like a halo 1 campaign but the
campaign and anything like that the
which I'll show there so it should be
fun and I'll probably run out eventually
and then go into other games as well
except for halo like Mario Kart and
stuff but yeah that should be fun and I
really appalled to Halo Reach reviews as
well I'm not sure I'm going to call that
series because halo reach racetracks
reviews is waiting I'll probably do like
Reese racetrack with the reach racetrack
reviews or retrace reviews I don't know
you guys should leave a comment telling
me what sure call the series but yeah
anyway after that likes what is it let
me check for minute rant but I just did
about that let's get on to this awesome
map because this is like a seven-minute
video because you know I needed of time
and this is quite a long nap too so I
love this map it's probably it's up
there you know on the ones
showcased its really some of its like
unbelievably smooth all the jumps are
really good as well except for this one
which is a you know it works like seven
or eight times out of ten and this is an
uber special map or a super special map
because I actually helped with it you
see my massive fail there I'm just
driving down here just to test the clear
boxes to make sure all the kill box is
working and as you can see right there
they are so yeah anyway I actually
helped with this map and so did my other
friend firestorm are so thanks Michael
helping as well because the makeup of
the map have a ballot 43 as you can see
from there C is a pretty good forger
when it comes to like building the track
but he wasn't really sure about
aesthetics so you know me being me
having seen a lot of maps that kind of
helped him all told him I gave him some
ideas and there is like a lava jump
which firestorm are helped with so
thanks for that dude but yeah in a way
of aesthetics I don't actually thinking
these that many because look at that all
that complexity and winding up on itself
and over laughing and everything it
makes it really cool to look at and
you're constantly looking at another bit
of the track which kind of serves as an
aesthetic in itself so I think that's a
regal they lapped length is like two
minutes so you know two and a half
minutes you'd probably what I would say
is the later after that it's just
getting ridiculous so but two minutes is
cool I do love that map that lap length
and yeah it's just a comedy have
smoothies just like you see here it must
have a Canadian and and it's got a wide
variety of pieces as well you got blocks
ramps walls yeah here's the fire jump
with the lava there and it's just a
shame that it does that like two or
three times out of 10 which is really
stupid because I've raced on this map
like three or four times and like this
time every single time one hundred
percent that Chum work because havoc was
always like oh yeah the temples and
works on plans it always worked perfect
for me and then I try and call it today
for the last episode and it just doesn't
work ba it works in the in the ends
that's cool but anyway yeah I still have
a good a minute and a half some of that
to talk about this map so I'll just fill
it with some mindless no I
but yeah I do really like the supporting
beams and like I said before I don't
think it actually needs any because
you're constantly looking at other parts
of the track and you know I think oh wow
go away let's do ruined my my taking the
last commentary well but hey I'll
continue this one because it's been a
really good commentary but yeah you can
see me you can see me clutch have a
clear and overtaking were at the end
that jump is pretty cool as you see
haven't failed it which is fine but yeah
we've come to the end of this monster
video so thanks everyone for watching
make sure to subscribe if you haven't
already to be updated when I roni's
mannix video it could be anything to do
with halo so if you like halo then
definitely subscribe and I really can't
wait to do all my racetrack reviews and
remakes it's going to be pretty cool and
yeah see you all in the next video